Add cli to docs (#27)
reaviz/reablocks-website: src/pages/docs/getting-started/setup.mdx

import { Steps } from 'nextra/components'
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Tabs, Tab, TabList, TabPanel } from 'reablocks'

# Setup
This section will guide you through the initial steps required to integrate Tailwind CSS into your project. Tailwind CSS is a utility-first CSS framework that can be customized to fit the design needs of your project. Follow these instructions to ensure a smooth setup.
&nbsp;

## Install Steps

<Tabs className="mt-4">
  <TabList>
    <Tab>CLI</Tab>
    <Tab>Manual</Tab>
  </TabList>
  <TabPanel>
      <Steps>
      ### 1. Initialize reablocks
      Open your terminal, navigate to your project's root directory, and use the reablocks-cli to initialize reablocks in your project:
      ```sh copy
      npx reablocks-cli@latest init
      ```

      ### 2. Include Tailwind
      <Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">

>         If you already have Tailwind included, you can skip to step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you already have Tailwind included, you can skip this step.
```
